Update Wiki Docs for Select Menus (#39)
DV8FromTheWorld/JDA-Website: docs/using-jda/interactions.md

### Select Menus (Dropdowns)

Select Menus can be disabled.

It's possible to set the minimum and maximum number of options to be selected.

There are two implementations for SelectMenus:

- [`StringSelectMenu`](#string-select-menus) supports custom string choices
- [`EntitySelectMenu`](#entity-select-menus) derives its choices from mentionable entities (such as `User`s, `Channel`s, etc)

#### String Select Menus

String Select Menus support up to 25 options.

Each option can have its own label, description, and emoji.
There can be multiple options selected and set as default.

![Example Select Menu With A Default Value](https://i.imgur.com/44q006n.png)

#### Entity Select Menus

Entity Select Menus do not support custom choices. Instead, they derive their choices from mentionable Discord entities
such as `User`s, `Channel`s, etc.

![Example Entity Select Menu for Roles](../assets/images/entity_select_example.png)

> You can specify which entity types you wish to appear as choices by specifying the `SelectTarget`s in `EntitySelectMenu.create`.

Reviewer: Should this note that you cannot combine channel with role/user types?

Author: I think it'd be a good idea to mention said fact

> You can specify which channel types you wish to appear as channel choices by using the `setChannelTypes` method on `EntitySelectMenu.Builder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can limit channel selections to specific channel types by using the `setChannelTypes` method on `EntitySelectMenu.Builder`.
```

!!! info

>     You can only specify the entity and channel types to be shown as entity select options. Further customization is not supported.

Reviewer: It's not really clear what this is trying to say. Is this about not being able to limit the selection to specific users/roles? I think this needs to be made more clear than just "customization".

```suggestion
    These Select Menus do not support setting a custom list of options or customizing the appearance in any way. They always show the complete list of possible entities for the specified types.
```

Thoughts?

Author: The wording I initially provided is admittingly a bit _eh_. I like the wording you provided a lot better

#### Handling Select Menus

When a user selects their options from a dropdown and submits their choices, you will receive either one of the following for the respective interaction:

- A `StringSelectInteractionEvent` for a String Select Menu interaction
- An `EntitySelectInteractionEvent` for an Entity Select Menu interaction

> Both interaction events will contain the values that were selected by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both interaction events provide the values that were selected by the user.
```

                        .queue();
                }
            }

            @Override
            public void onEntitySelectInteraction(EntitySelectInteractionEvent event) {
                if (event.getComponentId().equals("choose-user")) {
                    List<User> users = event.getMentions().getUsers();
                    event.reply("You high-fived " + users.get(0).getAsMention()).queue();
                }
            }
        }
        ```
    === "Kotlin"
        ```kotlin
        object DropdownBot : ListenerAdapter() {
            override fun onSlashCommandInteraction(event: SlashCommandInteractionEvent) {
                if (event.name == "food") {
                    val selectMenu = EntitySelectMenu.create("choose-user", SelectTarget.USER)
                        .build()
                    
                    event.reply("Choose the user to high-five")
                        .addActionRow(selectMenu)
                        .queue()
                }
            }
        
            override fun onEntitySelectInteraction(event: EntitySelectInteractionEvent) {
                if (event.componentId == "choose-user") {

>                     val users = event.getMentions().getUsers();
>                     event.reply("You high-fived " + users.get(0).getAsMention()).queue()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    val users = event.mentions.users;
                    event.reply("You high-fived " + users.first().asMention).queue()
```

>         object DropdownBot : ListenerAdapter() {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        object StringDropdownBot : ListenerAdapter() {
```

                }
            }
        
            override fun onStringSelectInteraction(event: StringSelectInteractionEvent) {
                if (event.componentId == "choose-food") {
                    event.reply("You chose " + event.values[0]).queue()
                }
            }
        }
        ```

!!! example "Example Entity Select Handling"
    === "Java"
        ```java
        public class EntityDropdownBot extends ListenerAdapter {
            @Override
            public void onSlashCommandInteraction(SlashCommandInteractionEvent event) {
                if (event.getName().equals("highfive")) {
                    event.reply("Choose the user to high-five")
                        .addActionRow(
                            EntitySelectMenu.create("choose-user", SelectTarget.USER)
                            .build())
                        .queue();
                }
            }

            @Override
            public void onEntitySelectInteraction(EntitySelectInteractionEvent event) {
                if (event.getComponentId().equals("choose-user")) {

>                     List<User> users = event.getMentions().getUsers();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // Mentions provide the selected values using familiar getters
                    List<User> users = event.getMentions().getUsers();
```

                    event.reply("You high-fived " + users.get(0).getAsMention()).queue();
                }
            }
        }
        ```
    === "Kotlin"
        ```kotlin

>         object DropdownBot : ListenerAdapter() {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        object EntityDropdownBot : ListenerAdapter() {
```

            override fun onSlashCommandInteraction(event: SlashCommandInteractionEvent) {
                if (event.name == "food") {
                    val selectMenu = EntitySelectMenu.create("choose-user", SelectTarget.USER)
                        .build()
                    
                    event.reply("Choose the user to high-five")
                        .addActionRow(selectMenu)
                        .queue()
                }
            }
        
            override fun onEntitySelectInteraction(event: EntitySelectInteractionEvent) {
                if (event.componentId == "choose-user") {

>                     val users = event.mentions.users;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // Mentions provide the selected values using familiar getters
                    val users = event.mentions.users;
```
